Webhook to check name + namespace exceeds 63 characters (#117)
open-cluster-management-io/governance-policy-propagator: README.md

make e2e-test
```

### How to run webhook locally

```bash
--enable-webhooks=true
```

> > **Limit**: If you want to run the webhook locally, you need to generate certifications and place them `/tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs/tls.{crt,key}`. If you’re not running a local API server, you’ll also need to figure out how to proxy traffic from the remote cluster to your local webhook server. For this reason, Kubebuilder generally recommends disabling webhooks when doing your local code-run-test cycle `export ENABLE_WEBHOOKS=false`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **Limit**: If you want to run the webhook locally, you need to generate certifications and place them in `/tmp/k8s-webhook-server/serving-certs/tls.{crt,key}`. If you’re not running a local API server, you’ll also need to figure out how to proxy traffic from the remote cluster to your local webhook server. For this reason, Kubebuilder generally recommends disabling webhooks when doing your local code-run-test cycle. To disable it, please supply the  `--enable-webhooks=false` argument when running the controller.
```

### Updating Deployment resources

> Some of the deployment resources are generated by kubebuilder - the crds are generated into `./deploy/crds` and the rbac details from kubebuilder comments are compiled into `./deploy/rbac/role.yaml`. Other details are managed independently - in particular, the details in `./deploy/manager/manager.yaml`. When any of those details need to be changed, the main deployment yaml `./deploy/operator.yaml` must be regenerated through the `make generate-operator-yaml` target. The `./deploy/operator.yaml` SHOULD NOT be manually updated.

Reviewer: Could you please undo these line length changes?
